Update "manually add project" documentation (#533)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-vscode: docs/user-guide.md

![Debug Mode](/docs/user-guide-screenshots/debugger_mode.png)

## Manually add your Liberty project to the Liberty dashboard

In the event that your Liberty project is not automatically detected by the Liberty dashboard, you can manually add your Liberty project to the Liberty dashboard in one of four ways:<br>

> 1. Right-click into an empty space in the Explorer view and select **Add project to Liberty Dashboard**.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Right-click into an empty space in the Explorer view and select **Add project to Liberty Dashboard**.<br>
```

> 1. Right-click into an empty space in the Explorer view and select **Add project to Liberty Dashboard**.<br>

Reviewer: these shouldn't be steps because the user will just choose one of them, not complete them all in sequence

  ![Add Liberty project from Explorer view empty space](/docs/user-guide-screenshots/add_from_empty_space.png)<br>
2. If you have a workspace open, you can right-click into an empty space in the Explorer view as shown above, or you can right-click on a project root folder in the Explorer view and select **Add project to Liberty Dashboard**.<br>
  ![Add Liberty project from Explorer view project root](/docs/user-guide-screenshots/add_from_project_root_folder.png)<br>
3. Click on the **'+'** icon in the Liberty dashboard.<br>
  ![Add Liberty project from Liberty dashboard](/docs/user-guide-screenshots/add_from_liberty_dashboard.png)<br>

> 4. Use the Command Palette to select the **Liberty: Add project to Liberty Dashboard** command.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the Command Palette to select the **Liberty: Add project to Liberty Dashboard** command.<br>
```

  ![Add Liberty project from Command Palette](/docs/user-guide-screenshots/add_from_command_palette.png)<br>

> In all the cases above, you will be prompted in the Command Palette to select a project to add from a list of projects that are currently not displayed in the Liberty dashboard.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each of these cases, you are prompted in the Command Palette to select a project from a list of projects that are currently not displayed in the Liberty dashboard.<br>
```

![Liberty add project selection](/docs/user-guide-screenshots/add_project_selection.png)<br>

### Manually remove project

> To remove manually added Liberty projects from the Liberty dashboard, you can follow the same steps shown above for adding a project with the following differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove manually added Liberty projects from the Liberty dashboard, you have a similar set of four options:
```

> To remove manually added Liberty projects from the Liberty dashboard, you can follow the same steps shown above for adding a project with the following differences:

Reviewer 2: It took me a few minutes to realize why the first two items are the same. Maybe this sentence should be reworded in part "you can follow one of the same four steps shown above."

Author: Thanks @turkeylurkey for the suggestion. This should be taken care of with @dmuelle's edits.

> 1. Select **Remove project from Liberty Dashboard**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Right-click into an empty space in the Explorer view and select **Remove project from Liberty Dashboard**.
```

> 2. Select **Remove project from Liberty Dashboard**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have a workspace open, you also have the option to right-click on a project root folder in the Explorer view and select  **Remove project from Liberty Dashboard**.
```

> 3. Click the **'-'** icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. * Click the minus icon (-) in the Liberty dashboard.
```

> 4. Select **Liberty: Remove project from Liberty Dashboard**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the Command Palette to select the  **Liberty: Remove project from Liberty Dashboard** command.
```

> Similar to adding the project, you will be prompted in the Command Palette to select a project to remove from a list of projects in the Liberty dashboard that can be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to adding the project, you are prompted in the Command Palette to select a project from a list of projects in the Liberty dashboard that can be removed.
```
